Welcome to Ye's birthday party
The old man is honored
Today's banquet
I have two happy events to announce
first
Our Ye family
It is about to reach a strategic cooperation with the Qin family, the richest man in Jiangcheng
At that time
There will be a 1 billion order for our Ye family
Second, my little daughter Ye Wanting
Also the first beautiful woman in Jiangnan
Will marry Qin Chong, the young master of the Qin family
It's a double happiness.
Dad, I am against marrying youth
Parents' Life Media Shuo's Words
How can you make your own decisions?
In the Ye family, only I have the final say
Grandpa has already set a mixed month for me before
That was before
Now our Ye family business is going downhill
Qin Ye's marriage
It's a great thing.
Yes, why don't you know how to be grateful for your own good?
As the first beautiful woman in Jiangcheng
You shouldn't have stood up and done something for the Ye family
Could it be that
Do you want to watch the Ye family's foundation fail?
What's wrong with marrying the Qin family?
one step to the sky
Just have to marry such a trash
Hey, Qin Chong, who is that?
Don't you know?
shut up
I don't know how to say enough
Wan Ting said he didn't want to marry